\#.TH [name of program] [section number] [center footer] [left footer] [center header]
.TH docs 7 "Last update: June 20, 2018" "mitthu" "mitthu's Manual"

\# Load package for .URL support
\# https://linux.die.net/man/7/man
.mso www.tmac

\# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.ig
Almost all Unix man pages use the section progression NAME, SYNOPSIS, DESCRIPTION,
FILES, SEE ALSO, NOTES, AUTHOR, and BUGS, with extra, optional sections as needed.
Source: https://www.linuxjournal.com/article/1158

Use: .SS for sub-section

Typical sections:
.SH NAME
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SH DESCRIPTION
.SH OPTIONS
.SH FILES
.SH EXAMPLES
.SH AUTHOR
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SH BUGS
..
\# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

\# Start of man page
.SH NAME
docs \- commented man page

\# General cmd line flags and usage
.SH SYNOPSIS

\" Inline text and formatting
\fBfoo\fP [\fB-h\fP] [\fB-t\fP \fItype\fP] \fIfilename\fP

\" More readable
.B docs [-d] [-e] [-f
.I filename
.B ]

\" Same formatting as first one
.B docs
[\c
.B -h\c
]
[\c
.BI -t " type"\c
]
.I filename

\# Start of man page
.SH DESCRIPTION
Describe the awesome tool.

\# Bulleted list
\# https://www.gnu.org/software/groff/manual/html_node/Lists-in-ms.html
A bulleted list:
.IP \[bu] 4
Item 1
.IP \[bu] 4
Item 2
.PP

\# Numbered list
.nr step 1 1
A numbered list:

.IP \n[step] 4
Item 1
.IP \n+[step] 4
Item 2
.PP

.I Note:
that this is an example man page. This man page does not correspond
to any utility named \fIexample\fP.

.SH OPTIONS
\# ========

.TP
.B -h
show help.

.TP
.B -d
disable syntax highlighting

.TP
.BR -e " or " --enable
enable syntax highlighting

.TP
.BI -f " filename"
Specifies the file you want to edit. This option must be given with the
.BR " -e " "or the " "-d " option.

.IP -d
disable syntax highlighting

.IP "-f filename"
Specifies the file you want to edit. This option must be given with the
.BR " -e " "or the " "-d " option.

.SH FILES
\# ======

.I /etc/foorc
.RS
Global system wide configuration file.
.RE

.I $HOME/.foorc
.RS
Local system configuration file.
.RE

.SH EXAMPLES
.nf
.B "$ template"
linux raspberry-pi

.B "$ template -p"
linux
.fi

\# --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
.SH AUTHOR
Aditya Basu <me@adityabasu.me> (aka. mitthu).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
dotfiles(7), template(7)
