.TH dotfiles 7 "Last update: June 25, 2018" "mitthu" "mitthu's Manual"
.mso www.tmac

.SH NAME
dotfiles \- explanation of my dotiles

.SH DESCRIPTION
The dotfiles repository is present in 
.I ~/.homesick/repos/dotfiles
directory. Relative links to dotfiles are created in the actual home directory.
For example -
.RS
.IR .vimrc " -> " .homesick/repos/dotfiles/home/.vimrc
.RE

The repository is in the
.I castle
format. This format is expected by the
.URL https://github.com/andsens/homeshick homeshick .

.SS Logs
Relevant logs are stored inside
.IR /tmp/melog .
.B cron
jobs log to this location. The logs are replaced on every run to avoid log
rotation efforts.

.SS Deployment Script
Steps taken by the deployment script:
.IP \[bu] 4
Clone the homeshick project in
.IR .homesick/repos/homeshick .
.IP \[bu]
Add public ssh keys of GitHub and BitBucket to
.IR ~/.ssh/authorized_keys .
.IP \[bu]
Optionally install packages like zsh, fish, tmux, vim, etc.
.IP \[bu]
Optionally change shell of current user to
.IR fish " or " zsh .
.IP \[bu]
Run the one-time install script in root directory of the castle, i.e. run
.IR ~/.homesick/repos/dotfiles/install.sh .
.IP \[bu]
Deployment scripts are located in
.URL https://github.com/mitthu/dotfile_deploy dotfile_deploy .

.PP
.IR Note :
All changes are ONLY made to the
.B $HOME
directory of the user, except for any package installations and user shell
changes.

.SH FILES
.I ~/.me/*
.RS
.I ~/.me/bin/*
.RS
All my system-independent scripts. Most scritps are prefixed with
.IR my " (for ex. " myos ")."
.RE

.I ~/.me/bin_hidden/*
.RS
Deprecated scritps.
.RE

.I ~/.me/config/*
.RS
Config files used by scripts in
.IR ~/.me/bin/* .
.RE

.I ~/.me/man/*
.RS
man pages for all my scripts.
.RE

.I ~/.me/bin/include\p
.I ~/.me/bin/common\p
.I ~/.me/modules/*
.RS
Meant to be sourced by all bash and zsh shells.
.RE

.RS
Files here are sourced by bash and zsh shells.
.RE
.I ~/.me/bin/alias
.RS
All my command aliases. File is shared by all shells.
.RE

.I ~/.me/bin/xautomation/type_date
.RS
Auto-type current date and time in X Window Client. Works with Gnome.
I keymap can be associated with this script to auto-type date with a shortcut.
.RE
.RE

.I ~/.melocal/*
.RS
All
.BR *.sh " or " *.fish
files are sourced by the respective shells. This directory hold system specific
scripts.
.RE

.I ~/.virtualenv/*
.RS
Directory holds all
.B python
related virtual environments.
.RE

.I ~/.local/share/nautilus/scripts/
.RS
Right-click menu action items in 
.BR nautilus .
.RE

.I ~/.ansible.cfg\p
.I ~/.config/fish/config.fish\p
.I ~/.pip/pip.conf\p
.I ~/.tmux.conf\p
.I ~/.vimrc\p
.I ~/.vim/*\p
.I ~/.config/awesome/*\p
.RS
Utility specific configuration.
.RE

.I ~/.config/fontconfig/conf.d/10-powerline-symbols.conf
.RS
Misc. configs
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Aditya Basu <me@adityabasu.me> (aka. mitthu).

.SH "SEE ALSO"
docs(7), template(7)
